feat: return an error for null rounds from RPC methods (#12655)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# UNRELEASED

## New features

> - Return a consistent error for encountering null rounds in RPC method calls. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12633](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12633))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return a consistent error when encountering null rounds in ETH RPC method calls. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12633](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12633))
```

> - Return a consistent error when encountering null rounds in ETH RPC method calls. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12633](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12633))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Return a consistent error when encountering null rounds in ETH RPC method calls. ([filecoin-project/lotus#12655](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12655))
```
